to_csv support for recent Pandas releases and pathlib (#26)
crusaderky/xarray_extras: doc/whats-new.rst

  (v0.5.0 already supports it, although not formally).
- Dropped support for Python 3.7

> 
> .. _whats-new.0.5.1:
> 
> v0.5.1 (2023-11-19)
> -------------------
> - Bumped minimum version of Pandas:
> 
>   ========== ====== ======
>   Dependency v0.5.0 v0.5.1
>   ========== ====== ======
>   python     3.5    3.7
>   dask       0.19   2021.4
>   numba      0.34   0.52
>   numpy      1.13   1.18
>   pandas     0.21   1.5
>   scipy      1.0    1.5
>   xarray     0.10.1 0.16
>   ========== ====== ======
> 
> - Added support and test for pathlib.Path in to_csv()
> - Update addopts to `--strict-markers`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bumped minimum version of Pandas  from 1.1 to 1.5
- Added support for recent versions of Pandas (tested up to 2.2)
- Added support for :cls:`pathlib.Path` in function arguments
```
